---
title: 'About'
date: '2020-01-01'
---

# Hello!

My name is Michael Jayne and I love
developing tools to make tedious tasks, simple.

My interests for problem solving began long before I
took up development, and as early as I can remember.
My first interactions with some type of development
were a CAD design course, and a robotics course both
offered at my highschool. However, when it came to
college, I chose a chemical engineering degree, not
quite yet knowing where I wanted to head in life.

After graduation, I still felt uncertain about what
lie ahead. And after about a month of thinking, I
thought I&apos;d give pharmaceutical development a
try, but after a little less than a year with a
related job and coursework, I also knew this
wasn&apos;t right for me.

I finally realized my love for development a litle
over a year ago. While developing a mediocre google
sheets app for tracking working out and
periodization for workout programs, I ended up
stumbling into google API... and then I just kept
going until I decided it was time to access some
real educational content. And since then, I&apos;ve
taken up the challenge to build, not only my
knowledge and undestanding of developement, but my
carrer as well.
